.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Joseph F. Boudreau <boudreau@pitt.edu>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH QAT-PROJECT 1 "July 20 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
qat-project \- create project files for a new QAT project
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qat-project
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the 
.B qat-project
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBqat-project\fP is a program that automatically and interactively creates
a directory structure, program skeleton with boilerplate, and qmake project
files for a new program using the QAT system.  An interactive dialog allows
the user to configure the boilerplate for various types of data input, output,
and interactive plotting.  This frees the user from some tedious work of
setting up the program build in addition to some of the input and output and
command line option parsing.

Users should specify the program name and the name of the directory in which
to place source code and project files. The directory is created within the
current working directory.  This directory contains the
.B src
subdirectory and a
.B .cpp
file containing a program skeleton.  Also a file named
.B qt.pro
is created.  By executing the commands

.br
qmake
.br
make

within the source directory, an executable is built and placed in the directory
.B local/bin
next to the
.B src
directory. Several options can be selected within the configuration dialog:
.br

With PlotView   -- creates boilerplate for a PlotView window. 
.br

Histogram I/O (check one)

.br
0-->0           -- no  input, no output file.
.br
1-->0           -- one input, no output file.
.br
N-->0           -- N input files, no output files.
.br
0-->1           -- no  input, one output file.
.br
1-->1           -- one input, one output file.
.br
N-->1           -- N input files, one output files.

The autogenerated code will set up the PlotView if requested and take any
input or output files from the command line. By default the files will be
written in HDF5 format.  Other formats can be selected by using different
drivers with the QAT_IO_DRIVER environment variable, but currently only
the HDF5Driver is distributed with QAT.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR qat-function (1)

.IR www.qat.pitt.edu

